# AI-technology-in-shaping-the-Voice-Communication-Control
## Description
Talking while driving: is not a good idea. Texting while driving: is downright dangerous and talking while flying: is essential (Volpe National Transportation Systems Center, 2022). A Voice Communication System (VCS) is an essential element in the aviation communication framework, allowing pilots, air traffic managers, and ground staff to converse. VCS ensures clear and efficient voice dialogues, promoting the secure and smooth functioning of air traffic management. Additionally, it is specifically developed for civil and military air traffic control such as ACC and APP control centers, ATC towers, simulators, and backup/emergency. VCS includes microphones, headsets, radios, and other integrated equipment. These components are designed to enable clear in-flight communication despite cockpit noise, vibrations, and other challenges. The system primarily faces challenges with sound disruption and the communication between air traffic controllers and pilots. Therefore, this study aims to integrate AI tools with sound disruption and text-driven communication systems to identify voice disturbances and guarantee consistent international messaging. I specifically focused on how the integration of AI technology can enhance the efficiency and reliability of the Voice Communication System (VCS).
- author information and contact
- prerequisites (what software is needed? What versions? Require any special packages/libraries? anything paid?)
- data (description and citations/urls, maybe list key variables)
- code (what code files exist? What does each do? Is there an order needed to run them?)

